
秘境温泉は、見事なくらいにひなびた静かな旅館で、他に客はいなかった。=The hidden hot spring was located in a splendidly secluded and quiet inn, and there were no other guests.

「話に聞いていた以上に寂れていますねぇ」="It's even more desolate than I'd heard."

まずは入浴しようということになり、案内を頼んでみると、男湯が故障中だと言われた。=We decided to take a bath first, and when we asked for directions, we were told that the men's bath was out of order.

それは残念だが、部屋風呂に入ることにするか。=That's unfortunate, but I guess I'll use the in-room bath.

「女湯に入ってしまえばいいじゃないんですかね。　どうせ車掌さんと私以外誰もいないですし」="Why don't you just go into the women's bath?　There's no one here but Mr. Conductor and myself anyway."

いつになく、ぐいぐいくるキヌガワに引っ張られ、女湯で混浴することになった。=Pulled by Kinugawa, who was more aggressive than ever, we ended up taking a mixed bath in the women's bathhouse.

「良い湯ですねぇ、一日の疲れが吹き飛びますよねぇ」="The hot spring is so nice, it really takes away the day's fatigue.”

少し熱めの湯だったが、疲れがゆっくりほどけていくのがわかる。緊張もゆるんで、身体も蕩けるような感覚に思考まで弛緩し、気が付くと目の前にあるキヌガワの腰に手を伸ばしていた。=The water was a little hot, but I could feel my weariness slowly wash away. My tension faded, my muscles relaxed and my thoughts were filled with a sense of debauchery, until I found myself reaching for Kinugawa's waist in front of me.

「え、車掌さん……っ？」="Um, Mr. Conductor...?"

Kinugawaの驚きごと抱きかかえて、湯舟の縁に持ち上げ、ずるりと肉壺に屹立した部分を突き立てる。=Taking Kinugawa by surprise, I lift her over the edge of the tub and slyly thrust my towering member into her pussy.

「んんっ……い、いきなり……おっきいの、　挿れるなんて……あぁっ」="Mm...s-suddenly...I can't believe you just put your big dick inside me....ahhhh."

愛撫を加えたわけではなかったが、キヌガワの秘肉で守られた中はまるで期待していたかのようにこちらをすんなりと受け入れた。温泉で蕩けていたせいもあるのかもしれないが。=Although I did not perform any foreplay, Kinugawa's secret flesh welcomed me easily, as if she had been expecting me to do so. Perhaps it was because she had been immersed in the hot springs.

「はぁ、あっ……こ、こんなの、ダメ……」="Ah, ah...t-this is no good..."

深く押し入って、キヌガワの肉の最奥を擦りあげるように確かめる。=I push in deeper and make sure to rub the innermost part of Kinugawa's pussy.

Kinugawaは、やはり肉棒の侵入を待ちわびていたらしい。肉棒を悦ぶように奥からさらに蜜が溢れだしてきた。=Kinugawa, it seems, was eagerly awaiting the arrival of my cock. More nectar was pouring out from the depths as if to pleasure my meat stick.

「ふぁあ……んっ……こんな形での鉄分注入って、　絶対に後で面倒なことに……っ」="Fuaah...mm...this form of iron infusion will definitely cause trouble later on..."

拒むような言葉を口にしつつも、キヌガワがそらした瞳にはしっかり熱が籠っていた。=While she spoke words of disapproval, Kinugawa's averted eyes were filled with heat.

更に奥を擦り立てるように腰を揺すれば、キヌガワは視線を逸らしたまま、身体を恍惚の予感に震わせ始める。=When I rock my hips to rub the back further, Kinugawa keeps her eyes averted and her body begins to tremble with the anticipation of ecstasy.

「めんどくさいの嫌なんですけどぉ……、　あっ……あ、んっ、車掌さん……。　すご……おっきくて固いのが、中に……っ」="It's a hassle I don't like to go through...ah...ah, mm, Mr. Conductor...amazing...it's so big and hard, and it's inside me...."

侵入させた肉棒を大きく引き抜き、既にキヌガワの蜜と温泉の湯で濡れそぼった亀頭を淫らな壺のほとりを嬲ってから、また押し込む。=I pull the invading rod out fully and slide the glans, already soaked with Kinugawa's nectar and hot spring water, aroundher honey pot, then push it back in.

「あああっ……あっ、車掌さぁん……あぁ……んっ……。　さっきより、おっきくなっていますぅ……はぁんっ……んんっ！」="Ahhh...ah, Mr. Conductor... ah...mm... it's even bigger than before......hahn...mm!"

丁寧に抽挿を繰り返すごとに、キヌガワの腰が浮いて揺らぎ、抱え上げた足が一層の激しさを求めるように絡みついた。=With each repeated, careful insertion and extraction, Kinugawa's hips lifted and swayed, and her lifted legs twined around me as if seeking even greater passion.

「しゃ、しょうさん……っ、そんなに激しくしたらぁ……」="M-mr. Conductor...oh, if you do it that hard..."

肉棒を引き抜き、突き立てて、淫らに追い立てていくたびにキヌガワはしどけなく身をひねり、腰を蠢かせる。=Each time I pull out my rod, thrust it, and drive it into her lewdly, Kinugawa twists and wriggles her hips.

「ダメ……このままじゃ、身体がおかしくなっちゃう……っ！　私の、んっ、身体じゃなくなるみたいで、ふぁああ！」="No... if you don't stop, my body will go crazy...! It's like, mm, it's not my body anymore, ahhhh!"

Kinugawaのいちばんの淫猥な箇所に腰を打ち付け続けた。欲情で満ちた肌と肌が小刻みにぶつかり合い、キヌガワの蜜が溢れ零れて、ぐちゅぐちゅと妖しい音をたてている。=I continued to slam my hips into Kinugawa's most obscene spot. Lust-filled skin bumps against skin repeatedly, and Kinugawa's nectar overflowed and spilled out, making a lurid sound.

「んっ……ああぁ……こんなの、私、知らないです……っ」="Mm...aah...I don't know about this..."

更にキヌガワを攻め上げながら、すっかり恍惚に溺れつつある表情を見やった。堪えても堪えても、もう抑えきれないのか、声はすべて悦びをまとっている。=As I pressed Kinugawa further, I observed her face as she completely drowned in ecstasy. She's endured and endured, but she can't hold it in anymore, and her voice is imbued with hedonism.

「あぁ……っ、車掌さんの、もっと欲しいって思っちゃう……っ」="Ah...Mr. Conductor, I think I want even more..."

「んっ、んあぁっ……もっと、奥、ごりごりしてほしいです……」="Mm, nhaa...I want you to gouge me out even deeper inside..."

全身を突っ張らせ、背中を弓なりにしながら、悦楽の壺をこちらに押し付けてくる。=Her whole body is stretched out and her back is arched as she presses her pleasure pot against me.

「車掌さん……っ、ここ、ここ気持ちいいです……っ。　はぁあっ、もう、イっちゃいそう……っ」="Mr. Conductor..good, I feel good here, so good...haah, I'm about to come..."

一際大きく抽挿した途端、キヌガワの身体が感電でもしたかのようにぶるっと震えた。=The instant I made a large thrust, Kinugawa's body trembled as if she had been electrocuted.

もう頂点が近いのだろう。いちばん強く熱いものを欲しがるキヌガワに激しくピストンしてやる。=I guess she is close to her peak. I piston hard into Kinugawa, who wants the hardest and hottest thing I can give her.

「あっ、あああっ、しゃしょうさん、　ああ、あっ、あああぁぁぁ――……っ」="Ah, ahhh, Mr. Conductor, ah, ah, ahhhhhhh~..."

悲鳴のような悦びの声。同時に、キヌガワが大きく仰け反った。そして、その細い身体の奥底に白い精を放った。=A scream of pleasure. At the same time, Kinugawa's back arched dramatically. Then I released my white essence into the depths of her slender body.

Kinugawaはまだ恍惚の余韻でふわふわしており、蕩けた瞳でこちらを見た。呼吸が荒く、薄い胸元が大きく上下している。=Kinugawa was still flustered from the afterglow of ecstasy and looked at me with rapturous eyes. Her breathing is labored, and her thin chest is rising and falling dramatically.

「はあ……はぁ……車掌さん、なんだか激しかったですね」="Haa...haa...Mr. Conductor, that was kind of intense."

Kinugawaの口元は微笑んでいるのか緩んでいるのか、わかりにくい。これも恍惚の名残だろうか。=It is difficult to tell whether Kinugawa's lips are smiling or just relaxed. Is this another vestige of ecstasy?

「でも、最高でした」="But, it was amazing."

「こんなこと、私以外にやったら、本当に面倒なことになりますからね。　私だけにするって約束してください」="If you do this to anyone but me, you'll be in real trouble.　Promise me you'll only do it to me.”

Kinugawaは、今度ははっきりと微笑みとわかるくらいに綺麗に口角を引き上げた。=Kinugawa pulls up the corners of her mouth so nicely that this time it is clearly recognizable as a smile.